README.md, before:

# Shizukana Otaku
<img src=https://archlinux.org/static/logos/archlinux-logo-white-90dpi.3a3e8fd083d2.png style="width: 50%"></img>

Just a chill Arch Linux user. Likes to cave in his room and tweak his Hyprland configs. Sometimes doing a big Java/C++ project, or just writing some CLI utilities in Go (currently learning).
## Official Linux Guru
Taught a person how to install both Debian-based and Arch distros, as well as teaching the filesystem and basic skills required to operate a Linux distro.

*Of course, when I say Linux, I am referring to GNU/Linux, or as it started being called recently, GNU+Linux. Linux is not an operating system unto itself...*

### Languages learned w/ approximate level (rating by ChatGPT)
- Java ![90%](https://progress-bar.dev/90)
- C++ ![35%](https://progress-bar.dev/81)
- Go ![55%](https://progress-bar.dev/55)

### Pronouns
- He/him ♂️
- Catboy/weeb 🇯🇵

### Contact (idk why you would want to, but it's here)
- Discord: shizukanaotaku

### Github Stats (hey, they're not THAT awful)
[![Shizukana's github stats](https://github-readme-stats-chi-silk.vercel.app/api?username=javatrix&count_private=true&theme=tokyonight&show_icons=1)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats-chi-silk.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=javatrix&layout=compact&langs_count=16&theme=tokyonight)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

(ok, they're pretty bad)

**MOST OF MY REPOS ARE PRIVATE ALRIGHT**

Commit message:

Add Rust to the skillset

README.md, after:

# Shizukana Otaku
<img src=https://archlinux.org/static/logos/archlinux-logo-white-90dpi.3a3e8fd083d2.png style="width: 50%"></img>

Just a chill Arch Linux user. Likes to cave in his room and tweak his Hyprland configs. Sometimes doing a big Java/C++ project, or just writing some CLI utilities in Go (currently learning).
## Official Linux Guru
Taught a person how to install both Debian-based and Arch distros, as well as teaching the filesystem and basic skills required to operate a Linux distro.

*Of course, when I say Linux, I am referring to GNU/Linux, or as it started being called recently, GNU+Linux. Linux is not an operating system unto itself...*

### Languages learned w/ approximate skill level (rating by ChatGPT, honestly I doubt the validity)
- Java ![90%](https://progress-bar.dev/90)
- Rust ![90%](https://progress-bar.dev/90)
- C++ ![35%](https://progress-bar.dev/81)
- Go ![55%](https://progress-bar.dev/55)

### Pronouns
- He/him ♂️
- Catboy/weeb 🇯🇵

### Contact (idk why you would want to, but it's here)
- Discord: shizukanaotaku

### Github Stats (hey, they're not THAT awful)
[![Shizukana's github stats](https://github-readme-stats-chi-silk.vercel.app/api?username=javatrix&count_private=true&theme=tokyonight&show_icons=1)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats-chi-silk.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=javatrix&layout=compact&langs_count=16&theme=tokyonight)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

(ok, they're pretty bad)

**MOST OF MY REPOS ARE PRIVATE ALRIGHT**
